Docker compose (#39)
NookPost/nookpost-infra: README.md

Status:
<img width="256" src="https://argo.jkulzer.dev/api/badge?name=nookpost-backend">

### Docker Dev Setup

> If this infra repo, the frontend and the backend repo are in the same directory, the docker-compose file can beused to have a testing environment in Docker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this infra repo, the frontend and the backend repo are in the same directory, the docker-compose file can be used to have a testing environment in Docker.
```
